Added new docs section that warns against using dot notation for pipe… (#3085)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/nodes_and_pipelines/pipeline_introduction.md

Circular dependencies exist among these items: ['first node: <lambda>([x]) -> [y]', 'second node: <lambda>([y]) -> [x]']
```
</details>

### Pipeline with improperly named nodes

> Nodes named with improper characters, such as the dot notation, may exhibit strange behaviour than intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nodes named with improper characters, such as the dot notation, may behave strangely.
```

<details>
<summary><b>Click to expand</b></summary>

```python

> pipeline([node(lambda x: x, inputs: "input1kedro", outputs: "outputs1.kedro")])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pipeline([node(lambda x: x, inputs="input1kedro", outputs="outputs1.kedro")])
```

?

```

> The output tends to be a disconnected pipeline and / or improperly formatted Kedro structure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output tends to be a disconnected pipeline and/or improperly formatted Kedro structure. 
```

Reviewer: Is the actual node name "outputs1.kedro" or is that the name of the output of a node?

Reviewer: Cos it would be better to be precise if it's the latter and say something like "Nodes that are created with input or output names that contain improper characters..." above if the latter.

> Nodes that are created with input or output names that contain this character risk a disconnected pipeline and/or improperly formatted Kedro structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nodes that are created with input or output names that contain `.` risk a disconnected pipeline and/or improperly formatted Kedro structure.
```

> This is because `.` has a special meaning internally and indicates a namespace pipeline; here, the outputs segment should be disconnected as Kedro will think that there is a "outputs1" namespace pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because `.` has a special meaning internally and indicates a namespace pipeline. In the example, the outputs segment should be disconnected as the name implies there is a "outputs1" namespace pipeline.
```

Reviewer: What does "outputs segment should be disconnected" mean? What should the reader do? I think this needs to be clearer.

> Alternatively, consider using characters like `_` - similar visual effect, without the downside. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend use of characters like `_` instead of `.` as name separators. 
```
